[RM Chap3] Proofreading (#2724)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter03.md

  * [3.8.8 Smart Switches](#3.8.8)
  * [3.8.9 Decoupling Applications from Infrastructure and Platform with Hardware Acceleration](#3.8.9)

> It is necessary to clearly define the infrastructure resources and their capabilities that a shared cloud infrastructure (network function virtualisation infrastructure, NFVI) provides for hosting workloads including: virtual network functions (VNFs) and/or cloud-native network functions (CNFs). A common understanding of which resources and corresponding capabilities a suitable cloud infrastructure should provide will help to improve workload on-boarding efficency and avoid issues which could negatively impact the time and the cost of on-boarding and maintaining target workloads and solutions on top of a virtualised infrastructure.

Reviewer: Per @walterkozlowski suggestion
```suggestion
It is necessary to clearly define the infrastructure resources and their capabilities that a shared cloud infrastructure (network function virtualisation infrastructure, NFVI) provides for hosting workloads including virtual network functions (VNFs) and/or cloud-native network functions (CNFs). A common understanding of which resources and their corresponding capabilities a cloud infrastructure provides or shall provide will help improve workload onboarding efficiency and avoid issues that could negatively impact the time and the cost of onboarding and maintaining target workloads and solutions on top of a virtualised infrastructure.
```

> It is necessary to clearly define the infrastructure resources and their capabilities that a shared cloud infrastructure (network function virtualisation infrastructure, NFVI) will provide for hosting workloads including virtual network functions (VNFs) and/or cloud-native network functions (CNFs). A common understanding of which resources and corresponding capabilities a suitable cloud infrastructure should provide will help to improve workload on-boarding efficency and avoid issues which could negatively impact the time and the cost of on-boarding and maintaining target workloads and solutions on top of a virtualised infrastructure.

Reviewer: @jbhartley re: "... which resources and corresponding capabilities a suitable cloud infrastructure **should provide** ..." (emphasis mine). Do we want to say "provides" because if the cloud infrastructure doesn't provide the necessary resources then onboarding may not be feasible?

Author: @pgoyal01  Your feedback is valid.

The first couple of sentences are very hard reading, I re-read them a few time to try to understand "meaning".

I am also concerned on the definition of "Tenant":
3.2.1.1 Tenant
A cloud infrastructure needs to be capable of supporting multiple tenants and has to isolate sets of infrastructure resources dedicated to specific workloads (VNF/CNF) from one another. Tenants represent an independently manageable logical pool of compute, storage and network resources abstracted from physical hardware.

I believe that what we are defining is a "tenancy" not a "tenant" but his is likely an item for discussion subsequent to "proof reading".

Reviewer 2: @pgoyal01 and @jbhartley: regarding comment from @pgoyal01: I think that we need both "should provide and actually provides".  The former addresses the need to understand the requirements while the latter - that these requirements are met prior to on-boarding.

Reviewer 2: @jbhartley: you are right about tenant vs tenancy.  But I also agree we should leave it for the next release (worthwhile raising an Issue in GitHub on this), as this is more than proofreading.

<a name="3.2.1.2"></a>
#### 3.2.1.2 Virtual Compute

> A virtual machine or a container/pod capable of hosting the application components of workloads (VNFs/CNFs) of the Tenant. A virtual compute therefore requires a tenant execution context and, since it will need to communicate with other communication partners, it is assumed that the networks have been provisioned in advance.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence lost the verb.  Should it be: A virtual machine or a container/pod is capable of hosting the application components of workloads (VNFs/CNFs) of the Tenant. 
"Tenant"or "tenant"?  Inconsistency between first and second sentence.

Author: @walterkozlowski corrected.

<a name="3.2.1.4"></a>
#### 3.2.1.4 Virtual Network
This topic is covered in [Network](#3.5) section.

<a name="3.2.1.5"></a>
#### 3.2.1.5 Availability Zone

> An availability zone is a logical pool of physical resources (e.g. compute, block storage, and network).  These logical pools segment the physical resources of a cloud based on factors chosen by the cloud operator. The cloud operator may create availability zones based on location (rack, datacenter), or indirect failure domain dependencies like power sources.  Workloads can leverage availability zones to utilise multiple locations or avoid sharing failure domains for a workload, and thus increase the workloads fault-tolerance.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be "the workload fault-tolerance"?

Author: @walterkozlowski should be: "the workload's fault-tolerance"
Updating

<p align="center"><img src="../figures/ch03-model-realization-diagram-2.png" alt="Reference model realization example" Title="Reference model realization example" width="65%"/></p>

<p align="center"><b>Figure 3-21:</b> Reference model realization example</p>

The terms Container Infrastructure Service Instance and Container Infrastructure Service Manager should be understood as defined in ETSI GR NFV-IFA 029 V3.3.1 [4]. More detailed deployment examples can be found in [Section 3.5](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter03.md#3.5) of this Reference Model document.

<a name="3.8"></a>
## 3.8 Hardware Acceleration Abstraction

> The purpose of a Hardware Accelerator is to either Accelerate the execution of an application or to Offload functions from the generic CPU to make the application and/or Cloud Infrastructure more efficient from one or more aspects.

Reviewer: we have defined HW as an acronym for Hardware
